# SATYA_RK58_SIH2020
SATYA is a complete digital solution in order to combat bribery and corruption issues &amp; helps in justice restoration.

Time and again we hear about corruption. It is one of the evils that has always kept human beings on their toes. It is everywhere, there is not a place that it hasn’t contaminated yet. We've constantly tried coming up with new ways to put a stop to it but it still prevails. Most of the countries have laws in place to fight it yet it remains one of the major problems affecting the social and economic standing of a country and India is one such country. Despite the presence of strict anti-corruption laws, the problem is still to be solved. India ranked 80 out of the 180 countries being ranked with a score of 41/100 on the Corruption Perception Index in 2019 as released by transparency.org. The country’s relative rank along with its score has improved a lot from what it was 5-6 years ago and that can be attributed to the various measures taken by the government.Yet, we still rank relatively low and are far away from eradicating it completely.

Throughout the years, we’ve seen multiple people being charged with such crimes but most of us have the tendency to ignore it if it is at a smaller scale. And that, there is our problem!!Yes, the problem lies in the detection of such acts at a lower level along with the inability to curb it there. If we try to estimate the amount that goes around at that level, we’re in for a surprise. But the times are changing and people are becoming more aware. But being aware isn’t enough. We still come across such money hungry people who aren’t scared to extend their claws. What we need along with the laws and its executioners is a means where people can freely report these things without the fear of facing any repercussions. And SATYA is just that, a means!! With its name meaning TRUTH, and derived from the famous mantra/saying “Satyamev Jayte”, integrating that with the advancement in technology and its ease of access, SATYA aims to give the general public a platform where they can report such wrongful behaviour against them and show these offenders that truth always prevails.

[Our Twitter Video]{ https://twitter.com/AkshayNayak_/status/1285892122374057985 }
